Add document for custom object example (#76)
salesforce/offline-app-developer-starter-kit: docs/CustomObject.md

# Custom Object

> [The custom object example](../force-app/main/default/objects/Visit__c) demonstrates the capability to work with custom objects in mobile offline app. Like standard objects, user can view, create, and edit records of custom objects in offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[The custom object example](../force-app/main/default/objects/Visit__c) demonstrates the capability to work with custom objects in the Mobile Offline app. Like standard objects, users can view, create, and edit records of custom objects while their device is offline.
```

> The following steps are recommended for setting up a custom object.

Reviewer: Am I right in assuming that these bullet points are a 1:1 mapping to the actions spelled out explicitly by example (albeit specifically for the `Visit__c` object) in the configuration section below?

Author: Yes, that's correct.

> The following steps are recommended for setting up a custom object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps generally describe the setup of a custom object for use in offline scenarios. You can see a specific example of these steps in the "Configure" section below.
```

> - Create a custom object with designed fields.

Author: Oh, the word may look ambiguous here. It is supposed to say that a custom object should be created with fields based on customer's business needs.

> - Create a custom object with designed fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a custom object and the associated fields needed for your use case.
```

> - Deploy lightning web components and quick actions on the object.

Reviewer: Just to make sure I understand: this is essentially describing the process of creating the quick actions and associated LWC configurations (and code) for the custom object, correct?

Author: yeah, exactly.

> - Deploy lightning web components and quick actions on the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Configure and deploy Lightning web components and quick actions for the object.
```

- Add quick actions to the object layout.
- Add a custom tab on the object so that users can create object records on the browser.
- Add or update a permission set to give users read/edit permissions to the object and its fields.

> **Note**

> > Permissions for newly created custom objects are disabled by default. Admin needs to enable the object and field permissions in permission sets for users to access the custom objects. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Permissions for newly created custom objects are disabled by default. Your org admin needs to enable the object and field permissions in permission sets for users to access the custom objects. 
```

> In this example, a `Visit` custom object is configured by deploying the relevant code artifacts to your org.

Reviewer: I would put this under the following header, before the list of steps.

Author: It was moved to the next section.

## Configure Custom Object

> 1. Deploy the following code artifacts for the `Visit` object in order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the following code artifacts for the `Visit` object, in the order outlined below.
```

    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/objects/Visit__c

    # Add LWCs
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/lwc/viewVisitRecord
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/lwc/createVisitRecord
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/lwc/editVisitRecord

    # Add quick actions
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/quickActions/Visit__c.view.quickAction-meta.xml
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/quickActions/Visit__c.create.quickAction-meta.xml
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/quickActions/Visit__c.edit.quickAction-meta.xml

    # Add quick actions to the Visit Layout
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p "force-app/main/default/layouts/Visit__c-Visit Layout.layout-meta.xml"

    # Add the Visits tab for user to create records on the browser
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/tabs/Visit__c.tab-meta.xml

    # Add the permission set "Offline Custom Objects" for accessing Visit object
    sfdx force:source:deploy -p force-app/main/default/permissionsets/Offline_Custom_Objects.permissionset-meta.xml
    ``` 

> 2. Admin assigns the permission set "Offline Custom Objects" to org users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In your org, an org admin should assign the permission set `Offline Custom Objects` to org users.
```
